OBSDOCS-67: Add info that monitoring API routes are not available in web browsers (#73397)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/monitoring-about-accessing-monitoring-web-service-apis.adoc

To access Thanos Ruler and Thanos Querier service APIs, the requesting account must have `get` permission on the namespaces resource, which can be granted by binding the `cluster-monitoring-view` cluster role to the account.
====

When you access web service API endpoints for monitoring components, be aware of the following limitations:

* You can only use Bearer Token authentication to access API endpoints.
* You can only access endpoints in the `/api` path for a route.

> If you try to access an API endpoint in a web browser, you will get an `Application not available` error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you try to access an API endpoint in a web browser, you will get an `Application is not available` error.
```
![Screenshot from 2024-03-20 10-17-40](https://github.com/juzhao/test/assets/22743651/049b0785-66bf-4074-8e6e-aed04cc2e19b)

Author: Fixed.

> If you try to access an API endpoint in a web browser, you will get an `Application is not available` error.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you try to access an API endpoint in a web browser, an `Application is not available` error occurs.
```

Reviewer 2: Nit - avoid future tense

Author: Fixed.
